welcome back to let's play outlet or
sophie my name is karsten
i did a little playing around off screen
and i should be able to make
a much better tuned called what
specifically i made another one of these
because it's a metal and it's a white
type material
and if we look at crafting the tuned
cauldron
it's a white type material if we sort by
category value
most of the metals here and the second
item is what gets me to flip and rotate
uh the higher end ones are
of metals tend to be red type materials
but this is a white type material
and the next one for plants
we can get some of these in here
have two of these
[Music]
and here
we use this one i guess
will this go well now
which cauldron now it's again probably
gonna be a little tricky to pull this
off
[Music]
okay i'll try it
but i think i can do it
if we put this here
follow it up with
one of these here
[Music]
and this one here it's going to
overwrite
that first one but that doesn't matter
anyway all right
this looks great that ups the bonus
display and helps out with the
other items now this we can put here
going great that'll increase the panel
size and
help out a lot
with hmm
i might not be able to fully pull this
off
actually no if i put it here let's see
if this gets it it does
if we look over there we have well
tuning doesn't matter it's tuning is
tuning
all the way up to rotate on the second
item bonus display level three and i'm
not sure
exactly what that does and panel size up
to six by six which gives me even more
leeway
so we will definitely create that that's
going to make it a lot easier
to be able to craft better stuff
[Music]
so full rotate bonus display 3 panel 6x6
that should help out a lot now what
that's going to let me
try to do is some of those other alchemy
ideas i hope
if we look into recipe ideas
oh we got a new category here
investigating a bridge using a bomb
a magic item and a medicine
i can try making that which i'll
definitely want to do
and memo from a heated battle
[Music]
causing wounds and taking wounds
back over here
supreme hot milk that's hot
[Music]
and puni jelly division
[Applause]
[Music]
hmm it's a training train with training
mastery and
getting one not sure exactly what we're
gonna do
there
[Music]
but let's see what kind of stuff should
i make
if we can make
[Music]
supreme hot milk should i choose that's
hot
[Music]
if we sort this by encyclopedia only so
that
the ones with the same color are
together and i want to try to get
i might want to pick up some more paper
[Music]
grab one of those and then use that
magic page
now this i do want to sort by category
value here
okay
let's uncheck these actually
[Music]
which material should i so these is
gonna this is gonna be blue regardless
[Music]
but this if i sort by category value
i can do yellow for this and the next
[Music]
one
and we'll do
hmm
[Music]
will this go well now which cauldron
if we do the tuned cauldron there are
some yellow ones over in the corner
so we need to focus on that i'll try it
and i feel like something great
that's what we need to focus
wow this looks kind of amazing
[Music]
[Applause]
not quite
[Music]
if we do i'll try this here
another one there
[Music]
wow this looks kind of amazing
how about that
will this go well that gets me to warm
[Music]
i need to get all the up to 80 for hot
don't think i can pull it off right now
now which cauldron how about that puny
one
which material should i choose
now if i do blue for all of these
[Music]
um
will this go well now let's see if i can
pull this off
okay i'll try it now ideally i'm going
to want to put this one
there
now which cauldron do we have any of
these
that are either a one or a diagonal or
something that i could sneak in there
yeah we can do this
um size enhance or defense super enhance
um
[Music]
[Applause]
we have any others
that are blue that would work there
maybe one of these
[Music]
i miss one no
i'm just trying to see if there's any
that
no it looks like that's gonna be your
best option as one of these
i hate to use one of these up but we'll
use that one and that wow
which cauldron okay i'll try it
so we'll start out by putting one of
those there this looks kind of amazing
all right add that one there
[Music]
all right
you can fit that one there
will this go well and it won't quite get
up to what we need
all right we put it there
[Music]
and going right there
will this go well no that's even worse
all right this looks great
[Applause]
how about if we do it in this order
it's going great
put one of these here all right this
looks great
[Music]
it's going great there
all right this looks great
it's going great
will this go well no i don't think i can
quite get that one up
either wow
so i guess we can't do those yet
but we still have a better cauldron it
we are able to get closer
which is definitely good
what kind of stuff should i make i do
want to make
some of that new cloth
flugel material should i choose
now for this we're going to want to sort
by quality
[Music]
and we're going to want things that go
on
armor
i don't think either of these can go on
armor no
[Music]
[Applause]
this no that's for weapons
quality up may be good how about consume
mp that won't go on armor
but that will i think i'll do that for
the quality
now here
will speed boost go on armor no just an
accessory
[Music]
how about all stat hands all statin
hands will go on
armor so that's another good one to have
[Music]
if we do this then we'll get that super
quality up trait
mp super enhanced that can also go on
armor so let's do that
and here we'll want
and the speed super enhances temp no it
won't go on armor so that's
that's that that i don't think
[Music]
now
because all the high quality ones tend
to have good traits that i don't
necessarily want to
end up wasting because of the limit on
how many i can put on at once
[Music]
put that one in
and that
and you can put that in
now which cauldron okay
i'll try it oh this reaction isn't
again great as far as i know
and please correct me if i'm wrong
for things that don't have bars down
there
what we do here doesn't matter will this
go well
yeah it's good what traits should i
transfer
let's see we do want
pro perfection
and
[Music]
the rest of the things are are things we
want that go
on armor
parameters plus six can go on armor
all stat enhance can go on armor
consume mp won't
increase all stats by five and base
stats by six percent
is this really okay yeah we'll do that
that's probably pretty good
all right it's done
[Music]
now we'll need to register that
one other thing that i was thinking of
[Music]
these are all friend level 100 here's a
i'm thinking i might want to swap people
out
and raise their friend level because if
i look here
safer in level 25 and 45
i think i need to do events for these
people
so i'm gonna start swapping people out
so
i need to do is strip these people of
equipment
as useful as they are
[Music]
[Applause]
most of the things we're fighting i can
probably get away without them
so on the front lines we will put
[Music]
well let's go ahead and take monica and
oscar they're our friends
and we haven't had them in the party for
a while
[Music]
now let's give them some decent
equipment here
[Music]
that we're going to be making better
armor in a minute anyway
now let's see
oscar i think is going to be on the
front line he'll take
that i think has better defense plus 22.
[Music]
yeah i think
he'll get that
[Music]
and see who has
i'll give him that one and
monica what do you have
[Applause]
use that now
you have 50 lp and you have 89 lp
so monica should get the lp boost
[Music]
and we'll give her that as well
now item wise
[Music]
you don't have a whole lot of options
compared to some of the other characters
give you a couple ice bombs i guess
and maybe a lightning bomb
[Music]
yeah we'll give you one of these let's
see
yeah we'll go with that
monica here oh she can take a refuel
bottle that's good i might need to take
two of those since
oscar can't take any grab alchemy drops
[Music]
and the debuff items there
oh what did i get an idea for it
[Music]
[Applause]
oh i guess just unequipping it so it
goes back in our inventory
[Music]
so that was easy
let's go
to the street and register that cloth
[Music]
first of all
i'll go ahead and buy these oh these are
expensive
i already have four of them
[Music]
oh which reminds me i need to rearrange
those
and get the multi-attack ones back in
so i think i can i can register the
cloth in place of that bomb
[Music]
this seem i can't
are and then we will of course
buy it
and we will start making some of those
now
uh do we have
any new metals as well or should i just
make weapons for monica and oscar with
the
metal that we have that's the next
question
if i look under recipe ideas here
under hope recipes
i don't see any new metals wait was that
what was that one up there
no that's not a medal how about dream
recipes
[Music]
no
so let's go ahead and make
them weapons
hmm luchi what's wrong
oh sophie i was actually thinking about
making new weapons soon
new weapons wow that's exciting what
kind of weapons
you know the ones i talked about before
weapons that help people travel
the ones that anyone can use right so
you gonna make the weapon of your dreams
well it's not really that simple it's
easy to talk about weapons that anyone
can handle
but actually forging them is difficult
if it's a weapon that a child or elderly
person can use it needs to be very light
but it can't be fragile either i've been
thinking about it for a while but i'm
not coming up with any good ideas
i see is there anything i could do to
help
you're always helping me so i want to
cooperate with whatever i can
is it really okay in that case you could
bring me something that would inspire me
[Music]
that's really vague i don't understand
let's see maybe it should be something
you don't see very often now
like what you could use materials like
metals hard lumber ores minerals and
gems to make weapons but
among all those things there's some
materials that you used to find all the
time but you don't see very often
anymore
i didn't know but why aren't they seen
often now
who knows there are lots of possible
reasons but the biggest is probably just
sheer scarcity of the material
i see anyway if you find any old rare
materials like that can you bring them
to me
hmm this seems difficult it's only if
you happen to find them i'll try
thinking of other ways too
just keep an eye out alright i
understand i'll try searching
i've got some new wear all right let's
grab
[Music]
now for monica a knight's
rapier we can do that materials to use
[Music]
and let's see
consume mp minus 15 might be good
oh eco skill is the really good one
[Music]
so let's do that
increase sharpness is good
we already have damage absorb
actually though we're only going to get
three things on there
if i remember right so let's just sort
by quality
[Music]
choose the traits you want to add uh we
will
do this one
all right it's done i think it turned
out well
it's done ah this is a sword for monica
i'll go call her
[Music]
this is a good sword thank you very much
logie
i'm glad you like it by the way it looks
like you mostly use rapiers to fight
yes rapiers allow for quick movements
monica's always so elegant when she uses
a sword
really i've been training since i was
little
so i have some confidence in my
abilities
yeah you're really reliable in battles
anyway thank you for the sword
hey monica what's wrong with her
[Music]
you two sure do get along you should
cherish that
[__] sure
i forgot i hadn't actually crafted a
weapon for her yet i don't think i've
crafted one for uh
for oscar either let's see what do you
want to make
shovel of hope i need geist eisen
what's a geist eisen
uh i something i don't know where it is
[Music]
so we'll have to wait on the shovel of
hope i guess
but we can do a heaven shovel sure tell
me which materials to use
and let's see
let's go ahead and sort by quality here
i think i might do cuts easily on there
maybe damage absorb plus
[Music]
and let's do damage absorb plus well no
we'll save that for later we'll do cuts
easily on this because we are going to
be doing a better one later
um
[Music]
and another one of these
choose the traits you want to add so we
want damage absorbed certainly
all stat enhance may be good
[Music]
um
so actually let's take off the cuts
easily on there
[Music]
and just do say that for quality
choose the traits you want to add
because that
is better than cuts easily
now all stat enhancer inflict weak or
slow
i think we'll go with all stat enhanced
all right it's done i think it turned
out well
[Music]
it's done sophie thank you very much
i'll go call oscar
yeah this is good thanks logie i'm
relieved
it's been a while since i made something
other than a weapon i was a little
worried
huh what are you talking about this is
my weapon
wait but it's just a shovel oscar's
always fighting using a shovel
you can use this for all kinds of
attacks it's really convenient
but a normal weapon would be lighter and
it would have more damage potential too
that would mean i'd have to carry
another weapon i don't want to lug that
around
so you have to carry around a shovel
it's useful for harvesting stuff but i
also need to fix the dirt that gets
kicked around in battle for the plants
when were you doing that it's a lot of
work
it's especially bad when you decide to
use your bomb sophie
we can't just leave craters lying around
sorry anyway
that's why i need a big shovel i'm
pretty satisfied with this
see you later well i guess it's fine as
long as he's okay with it
all right then uh yes now
i did or speaking of bombs i do have to
go back
[Music]
and
you need to put on effective versus mini
items here
what's this do what does sole awakening
tell
now we'll put we'll grab that
and
now actually we'll have her have another
bomb
clock to though can you carry that no
you can't oh decisions
[Music]
um
i don't think you can no
oscar no
[Music]
i guess you'll have to carry it um
i guess we'll do it instead of this
[Music]
and hopefully not have to use it but
automatically revive on the next turn
after being ko'd
[Music]
i don't i think that means i don't have
to actually use it just
i just have to have it we'll find out at
some point i'm sure
but we'll go with that
[Music]
now what other recipe things do i have
here that
using a bomb using a magic item and
using medicine
in a heated battle and investigating a
bridge
[Music]
let's look over here
is there a bridge here
no that's just a path
[Music]
all right well for right now we'll go
back to the atlear we should probably do
some fighting next time
and we need to go to
[Music]
scar of the land with placta
so we'll have to do that but for right
now hope you enjoy
thanks for watching and i will see you
next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlet sophie
my name is carsten
so we had a few things we needed to do
we needed to go somewhere with plocta
where was that
um go to scar of the land
we needed to keep an eye out for stuff
for logie
we needed to use various
in-battle items for one of these
bomb magic item and medicine we should
be able to do that
now the waterside ruins is where the
bridges we need to take a look at
so let's see if we go to the world map
[Music]
you got a bunch of new places
and some links between them to make
going between them easier
what's our destination okay so waterside
what was that waterside what
[Music]
waterside ruins
that name doesn't sound too familiar is
that one of these new places now that's
small islet
forgetful stream
[Music]
waterside runes there we go so let's go
there
and then we'll check out scar of the
[Music]
land
we got gold pooney
inferior creatures cereal bunnies
okay now we do want to use some items
um we use that
[Music]
and
we'll just attack with everyone else for
the moment
[Music]
first this will probably just kill
everyone off anyway yeah
that's a little bit overkill
is that already
[Music]
mine's i monocle
so is that like any of them
no
[Music]
spirit earrings
okay interesting i didn't even know that
was an option
[Music]
so that's good
inferior creatures let's end this now
let's see
[Applause]
we'll use one of these not that we need
to
i'm saving this one so let's see what
that count says for the purposes of
research
[Music]
oh lightning
you've been waiting for something to use
lightning that was convenient
[Music]
and let's see
we'll use that as well see if that does
take care of all of it or if you need to
be a different item
[Music]
great work everyone
spirit earrings can be synthesized
and blitzly for something
so that takes care of that it's magic
item and medicine we got taken care of
heated battle we still don't have
but back over here
we got lightning so we can make whatever
that is
blitz light so it says it's a metal
[Music]
now we need to find a bridge it looks
like it's back over this way
looks like there's bridge like things
over here
may have once been a meeting site for
the people here okay
[Music]
so we can do a heart pendant
let's go ahead and check what's over
here
[Music]
some more of these things
and now it's back to day time or no
now it is evening that was
no that was evening now it's night
come here shouldn't be too bad
yeah let's completely kill you
guys here
time to get back to observing plants
easy enough
oh you know what i just realized i don't
think i ever equipped
those better weapons and i can't do it
in the field
i have to go back i'm not sure if i have
to go all the way back to town or if i
just have to leave the zone
let's go to the world map see if i can
equip him there probably not
no i can't equip him here all right
so we'll go back to town
[Music]
i did
heart pendant let's light
spirit earrings mine's eye monocle
and let's put those weapons that we
crafted earlier
might be slightly better
huh those look like the same uh art
there
interesting that they're different color
items though
anyway
[Music]
so that's that
if we look under recipe ideas now
countering a night thunderstorm at
prospector strand
talking to someone who would know
and a small eyelet
talking to someone who would know a
magician's flute
okay well that's certainly not
vague
[Music]
so let's go to the world map
where to
let's go to the small islet which is a
new area anyway
what oh we got a someone to fight
like we usually do yeah these should be
okay
what are these 433 yeah no problem
these guys are
i don't know if they're weak to fire or
ice
hmm i should check out new skills for
monica and oscar as well
let's see
and we'll just have you attack
take this
[Applause]
ooh that was maybe i should use the ice
bomb
next turn yeah i will definitely use the
ice bomb next turn
i can't stop now
leave it to me there
or i could just beat them up time to get
back to observing
if i encounter any more i'll use the ice
bomb
[Music]
so there is a altar or something
back there the question is is it this
one
here guarded by what looks to be a boss
or is it something in one of the next
areas
um we'll try fighting you
[Music]
or not
okay not gonna
oh prayless altar here we go
i'll just gather around here and see
what we find
got some new materials
[Music]
some things i have not seen before
so that's certainly good
[Music]
i don't know what those blue things are
but i don't recall seeing them before
let's see if we can avoid
fighting the ghosts oh that's a dead end
how inconvenient
oh those also look new
excuse me
so i don't want to get surprised by
something that's suddenly stupidly
strong
and then lose a bunch of the stuff that
i've just gathered
but this looks promising ultra dedicated
to nothing now
there are however still traces of the
many prayers being offered here before
okay
[Music]
geist eisen can be synthesized
all right well let's uh
see if we can escape back out here and
check out that other
new area
[Music]
it was adjacent to this one
oh that's interesting now it's a whale
[Music]
because they don't where to think
this one was new also wasn't it
[Music]
now i'm not real impressed with the
items so far
but i don't think this was a area that i
had before
[Music]
and the quality is good on them
but as far as what they are i'm not real
impressed
this should be an easy fight
yeah these guys are not hard at all
hit them all with that and just attack
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah no problem
they hardly put up a fight
[Music]
let's see there's something around there
it is
[Music]
just quality potatoes and stuff but
i find it something but
[Music]
would have liked something a little
better
[Music]
will you quit chasing me all right let's
take these guys out quick
these guys are persistent
[Music]
at least they're
more easy consuming than anything else
[Music]
and it does give us more uh memory
okay can't carry any more
i've got tons of these
get rid of one of those
let's see one of them maybe
[Music]
some of these are nice reluctant to get
rid of them that's not
spectacular um
yeah that's fine okay
so let's go ahead and head back to town
and then we will check out scar of the
[Music]
land
where do you intend to go next okay now
we will continue with the story
and head to scar of the land and see
what placto wants to talk to us about
there
this is
[Music]
the scar of the land a deep chasm cut
straight into the earth
yeah it's a really amazing place
so what did you want to talk to me about
sophie i'd like to ask you something
what kind of power do you believe
alchemy to be
alchemy um well
i think it's like a power from a dream
maybe i was able to meet you thanks to
alchemy
and i'm able to go places with you
thanks to it too
we couldn't have come here like this if
it wasn't for alchemy
don't you think it's the stuff of dreams
yes as you said i believe alchemy is a
wonderful power
with near limitless potential however
at the same time alchemy has another
much
different side to it sophie
do you have any idea how the scar of the
land was created
no not at all
to tell the truth the scar of the land
was cut into the earth by alchemy
what a huge chasm like this
the possibilities of alchemy are
countless enough to make it seem like
something from dreams
however it also has the power to cause
great calamities
misuse of alchemy can turn that grand
dreamlike power into nightmares
nightmares which can then turn on us
the form alchemy takes depends on the
thoughts and desires of the alchemist
using it
i want you to remember this
i get what you're saying but it's okay
i would never use alchemy for bad things
sophie alchemy is such an amazing power
i think it would be much better to use
that power to help people
not do bad things with it
[Music]
i see it seems i didn't need to talk to
you about this sophie
that's right did you really think i'd do
bad things with alchemy
[Music]
you're right i was mistaken anyway
we should return to the atlier
well that was kind of pointless actually
um
let's go back and see if there's any
other new places nearby
got a destination uh
we've been to the rocky grove
i should actually take a look there and
see what it's gonna need
to get there
[Music]
so i get we probably can't get in yet
but i want to see what it is oh there's
one of these guys
a little conversation in the corner
there uh rewind and watch it if you
missed it
i'm guessing you guys are weak to fire
uh let's see
[Music]
and we'll just do that with everyone
we should shouldn't be too much of a
problem
yeah this is gonna be pretty easy
yeah no problem
yeah since some of these guys are at one
hp anyway
this is no issues with finishing these
guys off
and that was slightly overkill
oh that was a big chunk of memory was
that because we just fought a new enemy
hey just fight like we usually do
see here
with her ice on these guys
[Music]
spinning shovel
and uh lightfall no reason not to use
skills here
[Music]
this is
i'll go there we go
[Music]
and we got a next memory
and a chest
[Music]
dream recipe's flame of origin can be
synthesized
[Music]
let's check around the side here
get some more items
[Music]
try not to end up having to spend
time fighting more than i have to
[Music]
don't mind me guys
can i fight that guy inferior creatures
265 all right let's uh
let's blow these guys up
yeah that gets them all within like a
hit of dying
[Music]
and with support attacks we should have
no issues
[Music]
there we go
all right
not real impressed with the materials
here
[Music]
but it's something
now i want to check around the back side
because why are there
a bunch of enemies around the backside
at night right now because they weren't
during the day
[Music]
there's a bunch of ghosts there and a
guard
that's really suspicious
and i think i'm going to come back there
during the day when there
aren't those guys to get that material
i will gather these though
[Music]
oops these are
new
i'll handle you guys and
hit all you guys
increase base damage and go ahead and do
[Music]
rainshot
time to clean things up
yeah i'll be your opponent oh that
doesn't sound good
[Music]
[Applause]
leave it to me
i as a precaution
let me use that
this isn't good um
you defend
and you rain shot again
[Music]
i can't stop now
okay it broke a sweat there
[Music]
that was a little annoying
but this is definitely a new area
with some nice quality materials
it's a little dark though
it is daytime so if i can get back out
there
[Music]
uh no i'm gonna nope out of there
for the moment
[Music]
and head back around
to the back side via this route
get that last material and then head
back to the atlear
[Music]
okay well that was anticlimactic
so we got a flame of origin which sounds
kind of neat
it's a bomb and a magic item
i've written so much into this reference
book it's almost full
it just goes to show how many items
you've synthesized
i'll have a look at the recipe
did you remember anything
[Music]
sophie i've remembered something that
will be good news for you
the location of the cauldron of
knowledge
what oh really yes there's no mistake
the cauldron of knowledge is located at
a place called the gates of wisdom
the gates of wisdom so if i go there
i'd be able to get the cauldron of
knowledge if i had the cauldron of
knowledge
i'd be able to use even more amazing
alchemy
and maybe it'll make all your memories
come back at once
sophie however at this time
it's impossible to reach the cauldron of
knowledge
that's because the path to the gates of
wisdom requires a key to open
[Music]
a key wade you're the one who made the
cauldron of knowledge right
why did you lock it because with the
cauldron of knowledge
anyone would be able to use alchemy
that's why i decided to seal away the
cauldron of knowledge
until someone worthy of using it
appeared
i see yes however
it seems such a person has finally
appeared before me
sophie i'll teach you the way to make
the key
wait is it really okay
yes i believe that you would use the
cauldron of knowledge for good
said creating the key will not be easy
are you still willing to do it of course
i see in that case i'll teach you the
recipe
you must add sun drops and eternity
scales
to haze grass petals this will create
the key to reach the cauldron
the recipe for the key of truth
[Music]
i've never heard of any of these
materials
that's why i told you it wouldn't be
easy think of it as the final test to
reach the cauldron
okay i'll definitely make it
i know that you can do it sophie
[Music]
all right first i need to research these
materials
i should ask a bunch of people
[Music]
so we have some more gathering fields
and a quest to talk to everybody
plot to learn knowledge of all well that
sounds fun
so we have another set of recipe ideas
now here
[Music]
son if so financier
natural yeast with a sunny scent
that's a trait now here we have
philosopher's stone idea from synthesis
have to get up to 45 synthesis level to
make that
or to even know how to make that so
that's going to be a bit of grinding
[Music]
but we got some other things to make
there
we'll probably have the cloth ready
duplicated so we can make sure we have
armor for everyone
[Music]
we have a bunch of events scrolling by
at the top
[Music]
together figure out what those are and
gather materials for them okay
well we kind of know what we need to do
next
but for right now hope you enjoy thanks
for watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlet or
sophie my name is carsten
so our next quest i believe is to talk
to everyone which is something we should
do anyway
because we need to advance monica and
oscar's friend
friendship levels so let's just start by
wandering around town
[Music]
grab some more of this fruit because why
not
and let's just talk to everyone well
that was productive
wait not world map got confused as far
as which way is which but
we have a couple new areas it looks like
[Music]
we'll have to check those out at some
point
yeah first we're gonna go back into town
[Music]
let's see let's start here
talk to oscar
[Music]
oscar do you have a minute yeah sure
what do you need
well
huh so that's what i need do you know
something about any of the materials
blocked i mentioned
i know what hayes grass is i'm actually
growing it right now
wait really um oscar would it be okay to
have some of those flowers
well if you insist that you need them
but they aren't going to bloom at this
rate
huh what do you mean haze grass requires
a huge amount of nutrients to grow
flowers
i'm giving it my special fertilizer but
it shows no signs of blooming at all
i didn't know oh maybe maybe if i made
some fertilizer with alchemy it would
grow flowers
don't know never tried that guess we'd
have to test it to find out
okay i'll go make the fertilizer if it
grows flowers you'll share with me right
yeah i guess i have no choice i want to
see a bloom after all
thank you oscar just wait a little while
okay i wonder if the uh
stuff i already have will work or if i
need anything special oh
mystery recipes fertile soil so we need
special new thing
no i've not finished that
and let's see you probably don't have
anything useful
[Music]
let's go ahead and check in here
do you know about anything useful
hey sophie have you gone to the forest
of fairies before
no i've never heard of it where is it
i only learned about it after reading an
old book but it seems to be a sacred
place
it's in a forest that most people can't
enter and it's even further inside that
there are lots of rare plants there but
there are also very fierce monsters
there's a place like that sounds kind of
scary
but i want rare materials i don't know
what to do
i know i'm the one who told you about it
but if you go
be careful it's very far away
and dangerous okay i will
thank you elise
[Music]
okay another place to go
nothing new here
[Music]
also i should i should like give you a
present or something
what would you i bet you'd like these
[Music]
and let's see what else is up in this
vicinity
um
[Music]
oh right his house
hello fritz ah sophie what do you need
today
are you here to watch another puppet
show
that would be good too but i came here
to ask you something
what do you want to ask just tell me
why are you traveling you don't really
need to travel just to put on puppet
shows
i see so you want to know the goal of my
journey
well you see i'm traveling for a simple
reason to fulfill my dream
your dream can you tell me that's
nothing i need to hide
my dream is to perform the greatest
puppet show in the world with my
daughter
we're traveling around many lands in
search of things to use for that show
i see you want to put on a puppet show
with your daughter
wait daughter you have a daughter yes i
do she's just a little older than you
i had no idea this is the first i've
heard of it
i wasn't trying to hide it or anything
but nobody ever asked
well it's true that i didn't ask anyway
now you know the reason why i'm
traveling i see
i didn't think fritz had a daughter that
was surprising
but i wonder what kind of person she is
maybe i should ask him next time
[Music]
well next time is apparently not right
away
now let's talk to
here you are
sir julio there's something i wanted to
ask you what is it
i'll answer what i can well
i see you need those materials to create
the key of truth
yes i thought you might know something
about them let's see i know about the
eternity scales
they're scales that you can collect from
a certain monster
wait really and where can i find this
monster
sophie do you really intend it it's
widely known to be especially ferocious
huh really yes even my country many
adventures have fallen victim to it
you mustn't go into this half-heartedly
[Music]
still it doesn't matter i need the
eternity scales
not just for me but for plot two i need
to make the key of truth
it seems your determination stands firm
i understand
i'll tell you where you can find it also
i'll protect you
you'll be fine i'm sure that heaven will
be on our side as well
sir julia thank you so much
[Music]
okay so we have further progress there
let's check with pamela
[Music]
nothing new for you to save um
may as well grab a couple things while
i'm here
[Music]
they're cheap and they can be useful for
miscellaneous crafting
now let's head over here and talk to
monica
[Music]
you're back up here
monica there's something i want to ask
you what is it
um well
i see yeah so i was wondering if you had
any ideas about the materials blocked
mentioned
come to think of it the sun drops i feel
like i've heard about them in the past
really yes but where did i hear about it
i'm sorry i can't remember no don't
worry about it it's not your fault
i'm sorry i couldn't be of any use it's
fine really
don't worry about it i'll see you later
okay now let's talk to everyone out here
[Music]
yeah of course you don't have anything
though uh
[Music]
i might grab a couple things here
i have 18 of those 45 of those
68 of those those i don't need
a lot of these things
just checking to see if there's any i'll
grab the silver potatoes though i don't
have that many of those
[Music]
wait do you just stock these now is this
up thanks
well heck if you just stock that now
is this okay
well that's convenient
well you know see i already stocked up
on that
[Music]
don't need any more of those right now
let's check with logie
sophie do you know about the fallen
palace
huh fallen palace
apparently it's a palace that fell from
the sky
what from the sky how is that even
possible
i'm kind of skeptical about it too but
there are a lot of people who saw it
it sounds like there are ruins of a
palace that's upside down
and that's why people say that it could
have fallen from the sky
there's a place like that if you decide
to go there
i want you to tell me all about it okay
i'll go there if i have a chance
[Music]
an upside down palace well i hope we
don't meet dracula there or anything
i need to play more of the castlevania
games i've only played a couple of them
let's talk to lan and see if she has any
ideas
no
so what armor do you want to make
okay i need angel ribbon to make that
and fair height to make that
can make that though
so that's pretty awesome if i make some
angel ribbons
i might make a few angel ribbons or
maybe make one and get it duplicated
for that because those would be pretty
good
and everyone but the guys can wear them
so yeah
reflective coat i can go ahead and get
one of these for
oscar since he won't be wearing a bridal
blouse
which materials should i use
let's see
[Music]
what should i put on this
any defense and speed enhance
that might be good
[Music]
yeah let's go with that
let's just sort these by quality to keep
the quality up
and
[Music]
that should be fine as well
are there any traits you wanted to have
actually
that one since that's just gonna merge
[Music]
what else can we put on there
maybe hp mp enhance although these are
sorted by quality now so let's see
mp boost lp boost
i guess hp mp enhanced
are there any traits you wanted to have
so let's do let's see that would bring
it up
from b to
[Music]
it's actually not going to increase the
stats all that much to do that
but if we put all stat enhanced plus six
and hp and mp
[Music]
yeah let's do that it's done
it looks great
and we'll give that to oscar we need to
make the uh
a bunch of angel ribbons to make uh
armor for
sophie plucked and monica though let's
equip it before i forget
that does make a few of his stats go
down
[Music]
let's reinforce it a bit here
let's see
trying to see that
[Music]
that's better speeding the fence but
that's better everything else
so yeah we'll give him some of this
you're sure right
sure that's good and let's check
in here
[Music]
welcome which request will you accept
don't have any pure water
[Music]
and don't have any of these grass
that i don't think i want to give up for
that
colorful vest
[Music]
those i can certainly beat up thanks
welcome what rumor do you wish
hmm
[Music]
well yeah we'll come back to those later
and let's see
i need to go to the clock shop
no
who have i not talked to i've talked to
everyone
maybe talk to logie again
no welcome
hmm
[Music]
[Applause]
well let's go to the world map
[Music]
and a few places to explore destination
but first i want to go find
that mission that i have a request
yeah there's some up here okay and
that'll get me towards
city of the lost
uh these are not what i need to fight
[Music]
you are not what i need to fight i'll
check the next zone
which says it also has them where are we
going
[Music]
there you are come here
hey i think it's you okay here
all right let's take these guys out
quick
this should be no problem
[Music]
there leave it to me
really would have expected that to kill
him what does he get like one hip four
hit points
[Music]
got a few things there let me get one
more batch of these guys if i can
real quick here you are
shouldn't be too bad yeah this will be
easy
[Music]
here i go
[Applause]
pretty trivial
okay
[Music]
where can we go next let's check out
city of the lost
[Music]
oh that looks interesting
how tough are you okay inferior
creatures
let's end this 950 super pony
okay well um
start with an ice bomb
increase our damage
increase damage taken
and maybe inflict blind
a challenge fair and square
[Music]
that wasn't too bad oh you get two
attacks well that is
bad all right take this i'll go
okay
we'll try that
reduce its attack power
[Music]
hmm
i'll just have you attack
[Music]
and
actually
[Music]
we'll have you throw that at it you
attack
and you maybe do
we'll do lightfall again
[Music]
that is really not doing as much damage
as i would hope
that level down will hopefully help some
oh really
[Music]
take care of it
okay well that break certainly helped
okay with that break we may be able to
pull this off
now we'll go ahead and have you keep
using an item
[Music]
and
yeah we'll just keep doing that
[Music]
oh well that did it we did it
that was uh not as much stuff as i would
hope
what did i get
[Music]
white hot headband okay
whoa hello not going to complain about
more recipe ideas
come here you're on that side of it okay
what's over i can't get to that
[Music]
where is this other one that i'm seeing
there it is
[Music]
we get more items
all right that's all we'll do there at
the moment
where can we go next
[Music]
um
i'm reluctant to go anywhere else at the
moment because
of um
he used a bunch of items on that poonie
[Music]
let's just head home for right now get
everything refreshed
[Music]
yes excuse me sophie
oh monica what is it i remembered about
the sun drops you mentioned the other
day so i came to tell you
really yes here look at this
wait a sec is this a recipe
that's right i remember that my
grandfather told me about it in the past
i looked through his book collection and
i found this recipe welcome back to you
he did all that research for me it
wasn't difficult it's fine
anyway do you think this will work
let me see yeah i think i can make this
that's good in that case i'll be going
now oh okay
thanks again you really helped see you
later
all right monica researched this for me
i need to do my best to make it
[Music]
okay so we have a couple new recipes we
need to make
[Music]
funk is lecturing us in front of a
blackboard
[Music]
sun drop okay oh i can definitely make
one of those
[Music]
and fertile soil and i should be able to
make one of those
and white hot headband all right let's
make the plot items we should have
enough time here to make the plot items
[Music]
fertile soil i mean elixir base
and spirit tears can i make spirit tears
or can i get spirit tears or
elixir base and spirit tears are those
uh in our recipe ideas somewhere
i need to get up to a little 45
synthesis for that
[Music]
hmm
so
[Music]
i don't think i can make
any of these yet um
and let's see here
gained by completing one
monster skill life powder and gathering
in forest of fairies
okay
[Music]
spirit tears
so i guess i need to go to the forest of
fairies for that
[Applause]
meanwhile let's just check and see if
our
cloth has refreshed here
thunderstorm
it has so let's grab all those
[Music]
i don't think i need more of those
though
[Music]
now let's go back to the outlier
hmm what to make
let's see if we can make some of
the angel ribbons to use
i'll do that one
[Music]
yeah i'm more interested in this for the
what's going to end up going into the
armor so let's go by quality
here
[Music]
will that end up going on armor no it
will not
[Music]
[Applause]
let's grab that quality at plus from
that
and then one of these for the
pro perfection which cauldron should i
use
[Music]
okay let's start
okay
this is good
those are both okay
yeah this looks good
so what we'll do next
[Music]
is
yeah this looks good that
[Music]
there and
there is this good
all right i'll finish it now now
what traits to transfer
is this okay yeah that's okay
okay it's finished now the question is
can i register that angel ribbon
with corey so i don't have to make a ton
of those
[Music]
no i cannot well that's frustrating
but i will make one of those items for
[Music]
sofie
what armor do you which materials should
i use
[Music]
hmm
that might be good if the other things
don't combine into it
that might also be good since it is high
quality
okay let's go with that and let's
go with that are there any traits you
wanted to have
[Music]
an all stat enhance defense speed boost
and parameters plus six
[Music]
is this okay yeah we'll do that how much
does that
it increases a bit but also increases
the cost past what i can afford okay
is this okay having low price also
increases the cost is just okay
all right we'll do that that will cost a
good chunk of our money
but we can make more money it's done
[Music]
it looks great
can i afford to enhance that no
i can very not afford to enhance that
[Music]
why is that making most of your stats go
down that is awesome armor
oh because the other one was enhanced
several times
all right well how about plocta
would that be better for you no okay
well i will save up and enhance that
because it will be better
once i can afford to enhance it
[Music]
welcome which request will you accept
let's go ahead and report that
[Music]
and i'll grab that
and that because i can definitely take
out those guys
don't have enough luminous water for
that though
hello tess ah sophie welcome hey i have
something i want to ask you again
again what is it this time
this time i want you to make me some
poison
poison wait tess don't tell me you're
going to poison someone
uh do i really seem like someone to do
that
no but if you ask for poison there's
really only one
i'm going to use it on my yard wait your
yard
yep you know how i blew up that rock the
other day right i made a big crater in
my yard
there's a big hole in weeds growing
everywhere so i figured i'd just clean
everything up at once
um does that mean you're going to use
poison to kill the weeds
hey you're pretty sharp that's right um
then she should just use an herbicide so
anyway can you make me that poison
yeah i can try making it thanks you
really are reliable sophie
what could possibly go wrong
everything everything is what could
possibly go wrong
but for right now we'll end it here hope
you enjoy
thanks for watching and i will see you
next time